Chen
What's the matter with Miss Shen?
Did you do the thing that Tiantian was scalded?
Why do you doubt me?
Yesterday, Brother Rong got a recording
Come to me and ask for guilt
Someone pretended to be me to bribe the waiter
You and Tiantian are now competing for the director position
You don't like him and want to teach him a lesson
I never got along with him
So you framed me and buried me
I want Brother Rong to think that I did the right thing, right?
I thought we were the good luck front
I didn't expect you to doubt me too
So how do you explain it?
You just dodged it when Tiantian happened
This is too coincidental
That means I'm lucky
In fact, I also doubted it.
Have passion
I wonder if you did it
I really want to teach him a lesson
But I won't make such a big noise
It doesn't do me any good.
It's not you.
This kind of harmful thing
Why should I do it?
Burned sweet
Make yourself angry
Am I that stupid?
And you're the future wife of the president
I'm still counting on your support
Didn't I lose my backer by harming you?
Someone must want us to turn against each other
I must find this person